Adds compaction to R2 Data Catalog docs and wrangler commands (#25366)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/r2/data-catalog/manage-catalogs.mdx

3. Switch to the **Settings** tab, scroll down to **R2 Data Catalog**, and select **Disable**.
</Steps>

</TabItem>
<TabItem label='Wrangler CLI'>
To disable the catalog on your bucket, run the [`r2 bucket catalog disable command`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-catalog-disable):

```bash
npx wrangler r2 bucket catalog disable <BUCKET_NAME>
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Enable compaction
Compaction improves query performance by combining the many small files created during data ingestion into fewer, larger files according to the set `target file size`. For more information about compaction and why it's valuable, refer to [About compaction](/r2/data-catalog/about-compaction/).
<Tabs syncKey='CLIvDash'>
<TabItem label='Dashboard'>

<Steps>
1. In the Cloudflare dashboard, go to the **R2 object storage** page.

   <DashButton url="/?to=/:account/r2/overview" />
2. Select the bucket you want to enable compaction on.
3. Switch to the **Settings** tab, scroll down to **R2 Data Catalog**, and click on the **Edit** icon next to the compaction card.

> 4. Enable compaction and optionally set a target file size. The default is 128MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Enable compaction and optionally set a target file size. The default is 128 MB.
```

5. (Optional) Provide a Cloudflare API token for compaction to access and rewrite files in your bucket.
6. Select **Save**.
</Steps>

</TabItem>
<TabItem label='Wrangler CLI'>

To enable the compaction on your catalog, run the [`r2 bucket catalog enable command`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#r2-bucket-catalog-compaction-enable):

```bash
npx wrangler r2 bucket catalog compaction enable <BUCKET_NAME>  --target-size 128 --token <API_TOKEN>
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Compaction requires a Cloudflare API token with **both** R2 storage and R2 Data Catalog read/write permissions to act as a service credential. The compaction process uses this token to read files, combine them, and update table metadata. Refer to [Authenticate your Iceberg engine](#authenticate-your-iceberg-engine) for details on creating a token with the required permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::note[API token permission requirements]
Compaction requires a Cloudflare API token with both R2 storage and R2 Data Catalog read/write permissions to act as a service credential. The compaction process uses this token to read files, combine them, and update table metadata.

Refer to [Authenticate your Iceberg engine](#authenticate-your-iceberg-engine) for details on creating a token with the required permissions.
```

> Once enabled, compaction applies retroactively to all existing tables and automatically to newly created tables. During open beta, we currently compact up to 2GB worth of files once per hour for each table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enabled, compaction applies retroactively to all existing tables and automatically to newly created tables. During open beta, we currently compact up to 2 GB worth of files once per hour for each table.
```
